Readme.md, before:

# What is DotSpatial?

DotSpatial is a geographic information system library written for .NET 4. 
It allows developers to incorporate spatial data, analysis and mapping functionality into their applications or to contribute GIS extensions to the community.

DotSpatial provides a map control for .NET and several GIS capabilities including: 

* Display a map in a .NET Windows Forms or Web application.
* Open shapefiles, grids, rasters and images.
* Render symbology and labels
* Reproject on the fly
* Manipulate and display attribute data
* Scientific analysis
* Read GPS data

### NuGet packages

Package | 
--------|
[	DotSpatial.Serialization](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Serialization) |
[	DotSpatial.Data](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Data) |
[	DotSpatial.Data.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Data.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Topology](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Topology) |
[	DotSpatial.Projections](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Projections) |
[	DotSpatial.Projections.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Projections.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Analysis](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Analysis) |
[	DotSpatial.Compatibility](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Compatibility) |
[	DotSpatial.Controls](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Controls) |
[	DotSpatial.Extensions](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Extensions) |
[	DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Symbology](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Symbology) |
[	DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Mono](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Mono) |
[	DotSpatial.Positioning](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Positioning) |
[	DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Positioning.Design](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Positioning.Design) |

### Contribute

See [Contributing](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information about how to contribute!

### Project Build Status

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/7tof6s7m07qdad3b?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mogikanin/dotspatial)

Commit message:

Added Questions & Documentation to Readme.md

Readme.md, after:

# What is DotSpatial?

DotSpatial is a geographic information system library written for .NET 4. 
It allows developers to incorporate spatial data, analysis and mapping functionality into their applications or to contribute GIS extensions to the community.

DotSpatial provides a map control for .NET and several GIS capabilities including: 

* Display a map in a .NET Windows Forms or Web application.
* Open shapefiles, grids, rasters and images.
* Render symbology and labels
* Reproject on the fly
* Manipulate and display attribute data
* Scientific analysis
* Read GPS data

### NuGet packages

Package | 
--------|
[	DotSpatial.Serialization](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Serialization) |
[	DotSpatial.Data](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Data) |
[	DotSpatial.Data.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Data.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Topology](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Topology) |
[	DotSpatial.Projections](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Projections) |
[	DotSpatial.Projections.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Projections.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Analysis](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Analysis) |
[	DotSpatial.Compatibility](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Compatibility) |
[	DotSpatial.Controls](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Controls) |
[	DotSpatial.Extensions](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Extensions) |
[	DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Modeling.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Symbology](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Symbology) |
[	DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Symbology.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Mono](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Mono) |
[	DotSpatial.Positioning](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Positioning) |
[	DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Positioning.Forms) |
[	DotSpatial.Positioning.Design](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotSpatial.Positioning.Design) |


### Questions & Documentation
Please use the [discussion list](https://dotspatial.codeplex.com/discussions) to post any discussions related to the development or use of DotSpatial libraries. This is a great place to discuss potential features and to ask questions about how to use the libraries.

For documentation and code samples have a look at the [documentation page](https://dotspatial.codeplex.com/documentation) and the [examples folder](https://github.com/DotSpatial/DotSpatial/tree/master/Source/Examples).


### Contribute

See [Contributing](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information about how to contribute!

### Project Build Status

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/7tof6s7m07qdad3b?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mogikanin/dotspatial)
